Create SystemSeriesA06.md (#353)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/series/system/SystemSeriesA06.md

# A06 ❯ Multimedia Codecs & Libraries for VFX Workstation Installation Guide
<small>ℹ️ This article is part of AlmaLinux [System Series](/series/).</small>
<hr>
| 💡 | Experience Level  | ⭐⭐☆☆☆ |
|--- | --------- | --------|
| 📆 | <small>Last modified </small>| 2024-02-02
| 🔧 | <small>Tested by <br> ↳ version \| platform \| date </small>| NOT TESTED YET |

> These packages have been needed for multiple software and we're either backported, requested or discovered has alternative for Alma Linux 9 from EL8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These packages have been needed for multiple software and were either backported, requested, or discovered as alternatives for AlmaLinux 9 for users migrating from enterprise Linux 9.
```

Author: These packages have been needed for multiple software, such has "Thinkbox Deadline" and were either backported, requested, or discovered as alternatives for AlmaLinux 9 for users migrating from enterprise Linux 8.
